                          BINARYSKUNK'S PUBLIC LICENSE
                            Version 1, 17 April 2025

  Copyright (c) 2025 Lav√≠nia "BinarySkunk" Rodrigues. <https://kernel32.xyz>
  Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
  document, but changing it is not allowed.

                              TERMS AND CONDITIONS

  1. Definitions.

  "This License" refers to version 1 of the BinarySkunk's Public License, this
document.
 
  "The Work" refers to the copyrightable work licensed under this License.

  "You" (or "Your") refers to an individual or a legal entity exercising rights
under this License.

  "The Source Code" means the preferred form of the Work for making
modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated
interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and/or
installation of an executable, or source code differential comparisons against
either the Work or another well-known, available source code.

  "The Object Code" means any non-source form of the Work.

  "Derivative Work" means any work, whether in Source Code or Object Code form,
that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial
revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a
whole, an original work of authorship. Derivative Works shall include, but are
not limited to, works that incorporate all or part of the Work, works that link
to the Work (statically or dynamically), works that include the Work, and works
that otherwise use, modify, or extend the Work.

  "Distribute" means to make available to the public the original and copies of
the Work or Derivative Work through any medium, including but not limited to
electronic distribution, physical distribution, or offering as a service.

  "Commercial Use" means any use of the Work or Derivative Work with the intent
or result of commercial advantage or monetary compensation. This includes, but
is not limited to, selling the Work or Derivative Work, using the Work or
Derivative Work in a commercial product or service, using the Work or
Derivative Work to provide a paid service, or using the Work or Derivative Work
to promote a business.

  "The Original Author" refers to the creator of the Work.

  2. Grant of Copyright License.

  Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, the Original Author
hereby grants to You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for
the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the
Work as stated below:

    a) You may use, copy, and Distribute the Work, provided that you meet the
    conditions in Section 3.

    b) You may create and Distribute Derivative Works, provided that you meet
    the conditions in Section 3.

  3. Conditions.

  The rights granted in Section 2 are expressly made subject to and limited by
the following conditions:

    a) You must give appropriate credit to the Original Author, provide a link
    to this License, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any
    reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the Original Author
    endorses You or Your use.

    b) You must Distribute the Work or any Derivative Work under the terms of
    this License.

    c) For any Derivative Work that You Distribute, You must make the Source
    Code publicly available online without requiring any form of authentication
    and/or authorization for viewing such Source Code. The Source Code must be
    made available at the time of Distribution and must remain available for as
    long as the Derivative Work is Distributed.

    d) You may not use the Work or any Derivative Work for Commercial Use. The
    only person permitted to make Commercial Use of the Work or any Derivative
    Work is the Original Author.

    e) If You wish to make Commercial Use of the Work or any Derivative Work,
    You must contact the Original Author to negotiate and purchase a separate
    commercial license.

    f) You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally
    restrict others from doing anything this License permits.

  4. Disclaimer of Warranties.

  THE WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE WORK OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE WORK.

  5. Limitation of Liability.

  IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE WORK
AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE WORK (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA
BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE WORK TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER WORKS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR
OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

  6. Termination.

    a) This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate
    automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this License.

    b) Sections 4, 5, 7, and 8 survive termination of this License.

  7. Miscellaneous.

    a) Each time You Distribute the Work or a Derivative Work, the recipient
    automatically receives a license from the Original Author to use, copy, and
    Distribute the Work subject to the terms and conditions of this License.

    b) If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such
    provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it
    enforceable.

    c) No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no
    breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and
    signed by the Original Author.

    d) This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with
    respect to the Work licensed here. There are no understandings, agreements
    or representations with respect to the Work not specified here. The
    Original Author shall not be bound by any additional provisions that may
    appear in any communication from You.

  8. Interpretation.

    a) For the avoidance of doubt, this License does not, and shall not be
    interpreted to, reduce, limit, restrict, or impose conditions on any use of
    the Work that could lawfully be made without permission under copyright
    law.

    b) To the extent possible, if any provision of this License is deemed
    unenforceable in any jurisdiction, it shall be automatically reformed to
    the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable. If the provision
    cannot be reformed, it shall be severed from this License without affecting
    the enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions.

    c) No waiver of any provision of this License shall be deemed a further or
    continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and no failure to assert
    a right or provision under this License shall constitute a waiver of such
    right or provision.

    d) This License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
    laws of Brazil.

                          END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
